Multi score (#948)
NeuroTechX/moabb: docs/source/whats_new.rst

- Better verbosity control for initialization of the library (:gh:`850` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)
- Ability to join rows from the tables of MOABB predictive performance scores and detailed CodeCarbon compute profiling metrics by the column `codecarbon_task_name` in MOABB results and the column `task_name` in CodeCarbon results (:gh:`866` by `Ethan Davis`_).
- Adding two c-VEP datasets: :class:`moabb.datasets.MartinezCagigal2023Checker` and :class:`moabb.datasets.MartinezCagigal2023Pary` by `Victor Martinez-Cagigal`_
- Allow custom paradigms to have multiple scores for evaluations (:gh:`870` by `Ethan Davis`_)

> - Ability to parameterize the scoring rule of paradigms (:gh:`870` by `Ethan Davis`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow custom paradigms to have multiple scores for evaluations (:gh:`948` by `Ethan Davis`_)
- Ability to parameterize the scoring rule of paradigms (:gh:`948` by `Ethan Davis`_)
```

Bugs
~~~~
- Correct :class:`moabb.pipelines.classification.SSVEP_CCA`, :class:`moabb.pipelines.classification.SSVEP_TRCA` and :class:`moabb.pipelines.classification.SSVEP_MsetCCA` behavior (:gh:`625` by `Sylvain Chevallier`_)
- Fix scikit-learn LogisticRegression elasticnet penalty parameter deprecation by re-adding `penalty='elasticnet'` for ElasticNet configurations with `0 < l1_ratio < 1` (:gh:`869` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)
- Fixing option to pickle model (:gh:`870` by `Ethan Davis`_)
- Merged save model logic into one conditional in evaluations (:gh:`870` by `Ethan Davis`_)
- Prevent Python mutable default argument when defining CodeCarbon configurations (:gh:`870` by `Ethan Davis`_)
- Normalize Zenodo download paths and add a custom user-agent to improve download robustness (:gh:`946` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)
- Use the BNCI mirror host to avoid download timeouts (:gh:`946` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)

Code health
~~~~~~~~~~~
- Persist docs/test CI MNE dataset cache across runs to reduce cold-cache downloads (:gh:`946` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)

> - Avoid reliance on scikit-learn private `_MultimetricScorer` in evaluation scoring wrappers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
